Early results on transfer learning for NLP leveraged recurrent neural networks (Peters et al., 2018; Howard and Ruder, 2018), but it has recently become more common to use models based on the “Transformer” architecture (Vaswani et al., 2017). The Transformer was initially shown to be effective for machine translation, but it has subsequently been used in a wide variety of NLP settings (Radford et al., 2018; Devlin et al., 2018; McCann et al., 2018; Yu et al., 2018). Due to its increasing ubiquity, all of the models we study are based on the Transformer architecture. Apart from the details mentioned below and the variants we explore in Section 3.2, we do not deviate significantly from this architecture as originally proposed. Instead of providing a comprehensive definition of this model, we refer the interested reader to the original paper (Vaswani et al., 2017) or follow-up tutorials3,4 for a more detailed introduction. The primary building block of the Transformer is self-attention (Cheng et al., 2016). Self-attention is a variant of attention (Graves, 2013; Bahdanau et al., 2015) that processes a sequence by replacing each element by a weighted average of the rest of the sequence. The original Transformer consisted of an encoder-decoder architecture and was intended for sequence-to-sequence (Sutskever et al., 2014; Kalchbrenner et al., 2014) tasks. It has recently also become common to use models consisting of a single Transformer layer stack, with varying forms of self-attention used to produce architectures appropriate for language modeling (Radford et al., 2018; Al-Rfou et al., 2019) or classification and span prediction tasks (Devlin et al., 2018; Yang et al., 2019). We empirically explore these architectural variants in Section 3.2.